#208 doc: add documentation on contribution process (#211)
deven-org/deven-website: documentation/contribute.md

## :arrow_forward: Getting started
### Installation

1. First, open a terminal and navigate to the folder you want to fork or clone this project
   ```sh
   $ cd git_projects
   ```
2. In you want to contribute to this repository, the first step is to clone the repository:
   ```sh
   $ git clone https://github.com/deven-org/deven-website.git
   ```
3. Install dependencies and run build:
   ```sh
   $ npm install && run build
   ```
4. Run
   ```sh
   $ npm serve
   ```

### :file_folder: File Structure

    .
    └── .github             // 
    └── .vscode            // 
    └── dist               // source that generate html files
    └── docs              // documentation of the project
    └── src
        └── _data         // 
        └── _includes     // 
          └── content     // content of every page
          └── layouts     // standard layout of every page
          └── macros     // 
          └── styles     // media settings
        └── assets       // where css files images, fonts, favicon are stored
        └── feed        // 
        └── posts       // newsletter
        └── scripts       //

> 

Author: @zoepage & @s2-julceb can you please help me to complete this section? thanks alot

Reviewer: sure can do 🙂 
```suggestion
### :file_folder: File Structure
    .
    └── .github            // GitHub templates for bugs, tickets and wiki
    └── .vscode            // settings for Visual Studio Code editor
    └── dist               // output of the generated html files
    └── docs               // documentation of the project
    └── src                // source files of the website
        └── _data          // JSON data for the website, i.e. the team 
        └── _includes      // collection of website building blocks
          └── content      // content of every page
          └── layouts      // nunjucks template layouts
          └── macros       // nunjucks macros
          └── styles       // CSS media settings
        └── assets         // files/folders which are accessed on the webpage, e.g. CSS, fonts and more
        └── feed           // nunjucks template for RSS
        └── posts          // blog of the website
        └── scripts        // scripts to transform local data to JSON data

```

Author: @s2-julceb looks good! Thanks a lot!

> # Welcome to our docs contributing guide

Reviewer: I would adjust the headline slightly
```suggestion
# Welcome to our contributing guide
```

   version with node -v. For more information check out the [Node.js Documentation](https://nodejs.org/en/docs/).
3. If you don't have Yarn installed, please install it (any version, we will pick the right settings later). For more
   information check out the [Yarn Documentation](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs).

## :arrow_forward: Getting started
### Installation

1. First, open a terminal and navigate to the folder you want to fork or clone this project
   ```sh
   $ cd git_projects
   ```
2. In you want to contribute to this repository, the first step is to clone the repository:
   ```sh
   $ git clone https://github.com/deven-org/deven-website.git
   ```
3. Install dependencies and run build:
   ```sh
   $ npm install && run build
   ```
4. Run
   ```sh
   $ npm serve
   ```

### :file_folder: File Structure
    .
    └── .github            // GitHub templates for bugs, tickets and wiki
    └── .vscode            // settings for Visual Studio Code editor
    └── dist               // output of the generated html files
    └── docs               // documentation of the project

>     └── documentation      // documentation skeleton

Author: @s2-julceb can you please have a look this part again? as ola kept the documentation folder and restructure the docs folder.

Reviewer: I think we should move the content of this file into the `CONTRIBUTE.md` in the `docs` folder.
Then we can remove the `documentation` folder and also remove it from the file structure here.

Author: @zoepage what do you think?

Reviewer: I forgot that we have the `how-to-add-blog-posts.md` documentation in the `documentation` folder.
We can move that also in the `docs` folder. This could still stay its own file and could be linked in the contribution documentation. Writing/adding a blog post is from my point of view also a contribution.

Reviewer 2: Could we add the content directly to `CONTRIBUTION.md`?  I'd like to keep the original structure of the documentation skeleton intact.

Author: @zoepage which content do you mean?

Reviewer: Fine with me, also just had a call with Ola and we talked about the PR and what should be changed how.

For you @AdaN6 this means there are the following tasks open:

1. move the content from the `documentation/contribute.md` file into the `docs/CONTRIBUTE.md`
2. extend the contribution documentation with the content of the `documentation/how-to-add-blog-posts.md` as adding a blog post is a form of contribution too
3. delete the now empty `documentation` folder
4. squash the commits
5. request a last review
6. done

Have fun

Author: @s2-julceb & @zoepage 

THe content of how-to-add-blog-posts.md is quite long. do we really want to move all of them into the CONTRIBUTE.md? I find your previous suggestion is better that it can stay as its own file and I link it in CONTRIBUTE.md like this 

````
## Create a new blog post

If you want to create and publish a new blog post, please read our [How to add blog posts](./how-to-add-blog-posts.md) guidelines and instructions.

Reviewer: A long file should is not a big problem.
The benefit of having everything on one file is that it is easier to link between topics and keep those links up-to-date.

For example we have a part in the blog post documentation that explains how to create branches and PRs. This should be part of the overall contribute guide and only be linked in the blog post documentation.

So feel free to restructure the content as you seem fit to avoid repetition and have information only once documented and then only linked.
